AirlineCheckin
==============
A Java Queue implementation
An assignment for NJIT 610 Fall 2014 class.

Build an implementation of a queue ADT.
Use this implementation to build a simulation of waiting queues at an airline check-in counter, organized as follows:
There are two types of passengers: first class, and coach.
There are two service stations for first class, and three for coach.
There is a single queue for each type of passenger (first class, coach).
Passenger arrival times are random and are generated by a random number generator.
Average arrival rates for passengers are R1 for first class and R2 for coach. These are decided at run-time by prompting the user.
Service time is random and varies uniformly between 1 and S1 for first class, and between 1 and S2 for coach. Parameters S1 and S2 are also determined at run-time, by prompting the user.
Whenever a service station is available and the corresponding queue is not empty, we pick the passenger at the front of the queue and place her/him on the service station.
Whenever a first class service station is available and the first class queue is empty, the service station may service a passenger from coach.
The duration of the experiment, in minutes, is decided by the user at run time.
Statistics generated by the simulation include: average service time, maximum service time, number served in each class, maximum queue length for each type of passenger.



TODO:
-Work on array overflow exceptions in AirlineCheckinQueue, ServicedPassengers, and the Simulator. Consider changing array indexing variable type from int to float say that we can access a greater set in the Queues/arrays at any time.
...

